Hello friends, my name is Sachin and today
I have brought you a video again, you can click here.
Today I am going to talk to you about
ICICI Lombard's CHINA, that is, CHI, is
a complete health insurance
plan, friends, and there are many plans under its category,
about which
I will tell you later. There have been many
changes in it since February 1, 202, that is,
if you had any of these Lombard
policies, then as per the date till today, I
can tell you that 99% of the people have
any of these policies, so
now whenever the renewals of these policies come,
you will see some changes in these plans.
Now, in which plans will those changes happen,
what changes will happen, so this
video is about that, friends, so let me tell you, first of all,
I will tell you, which
we have written in short here CHI,
which means complete health insurance. The
plans that come under it, friends, like
individual health insurance, which was
called IHI in short,
but in the new plans that you will have, there will be
such help  There will
be a plus or you will have eye help plus
or health will be deleted.
Friends, if you want to know
which plan you have, then you should
see your insurance certificate and it will be
clearly written on it, Individual Health
Insurance or Health Shield Plus or
I Health Plus or Health Seeker or
Health Smart, any name will be
written on it, if you still do not find it, then
you can check your policy number.  So whatever the
policy number is,
this shortcut will definitely be written in the middle of the policy number, like
if you have Help Plus then it will
be HP or if you have Health
Seeker Plus then it will be SP or if you
have I Help Plus then it will be ISP, that means
this shortcut will definitely be written in the middle, so
you will know
which plan you have, so friends, the
plans that you are seeing on the screen right now, there are
changes in all these plans,
now I will tell you what those changes have come,
but friends, whatever plan benefits I have
written here, these are the
features and what was there
in your plan before the new conditions, what has happened
in your plan now, so let's start
first about zone based pricing, so
friends, IIS Lombard had
this philosophy that it never
changed its pricing within the zone,
but even now other companies are doing it,
IIS Lombard has also done it
because their claim experience is also a little
different according to each zone, so they have implemented zone
based pricing which  It was not there earlier, now I have put it
here, the company has given you ABC,
which cities are included in it, what are the
details, how much premium will be charged in it,
I will tell you all that in a little video later,
secondly let's talk
about the new smoker vaccine here, friends,
this is such a vaccine, if you have got it
then the company will give you 2.5
% discount on the premium here, that is friends, this is
such a vaccine, with this your chest
diseases or lung infections are
reduced to a great extent if
you have got this vaccine because nowadays
many people are getting this vaccine
so that their chest infection is reduced,
friends, earlier this option was not there that you would
get a discount of ₹250 here, but you will
get a discount of 2.5% in the premium on the new condition that has come up here, if you have taken the vaccine, then
talking about the recent benefit, friends, it was
earlier unlimited here and the difference used to
reduce on it, that is,
it did not reduce, reset benefit is that,
friends, suppose you have a policy of 10 lakhs
and  If that 10 lakh rupees gets exhausted
then the company gives you 10 lakh rupees again
but what used to happen earlier if you had a
problem, suppose
someone had heart disease and 10 lakh rupees got
exhausted and again there is
horseplajession for heart disease
then the company used to not give it here but now
here you will get ₹10 lakh again
because here the
unlimited time is there for different illnesses as well as here it has been made
for one time illness as well meaning friends you will get 10
lakh rupees
back after that even after that if you get 10 lakh
rupees exhausted in a year then
you will get unlimited time for different illness
friends it will keep reducing friends let's
talk about no claim bonus friends so
earlier here it used to be 10%
if you did not make any claim in a year and it used to
increase to maximum 50% but now
friends what has the company done you will give 10%  It has been increased to
20% and now this will
increase to a maximum of 100%. Also,
whenever your no-claim bonus has increased,
friends, it will not decrease in case of any claim. This
means that this is a guaranteed no-claim bonus.
Friends, once it increases, it will
not decrease.
Talking about the company, friends, this was not there in this policy earlier,
but now under the new condition that has
come, you will also get home treatment.
Meaning, if you have
dengue, malaria, or viral fever, and
you do not want to be admitted to the hospital for
treatment of these diseases, I will
call any of the ICICI Lombard home care treatment networks
and the doctor
will visit you daily, give you medicines,
and do your checkup. After that, you will get
treatment right there at home.
Friends, all this will be cashless. It is possible that
cashless facility may not be available in your area.
You
can check it by calling the call center. If this
facility is not available cashless in your area,
then you  Friends, you can also do this in reversal
that it will be
5% of all your shoots but its maximum limit will be
₹1000. Let's move ahead friends, now let's talk about the
treatment of cataract, so
friends, what used to happen earlier was that the
treatment of cataract was done at any time,
those who have a policy of three lakh, four lakh, five
lakh, what used to happen to them here was
20000 rupees friends, friends, on each eye,
that is, on one eye, you had a
maximum capacity of up to ₹20 thousand and if your
policy is above 5 lakh, then what is there here was
camping ₹1 lakh per eye, which
means you get ₹200000
for cataract if you get treatment on
both the eyes and if the
policy was below five lakh, then you would get
₹20000 for each eye, maximum ₹40000 for both the eyes, but
friends, now the
condition that the company has brought is
10% off same.  Insured means if you have a
policy of Rs 5 lakh today,
then here you will get 10% i.e. Rs 50,000,
but if
you have a policy of Rs 20 lakh, then
10% of it, which is Rs 2 lakh,
but the company will give you a maximum of Rs 1
lakh here, but let's see, let's talk about donor expenses,
friends, donor
expenses are expenses that
suppose at any time someone has to take organ
donation, like kidney or
liver, then here the person who donated
also had surgery, but the
cost of the surgery was earlier,
friends, here the limit was up to Rs 10 lakh,
okay, you will get Rs 10 lakh from your subed itself
for that, but now
friends, what have they done here, you have
cut off Rs 10 lakh, that is, whatever
your balance is,
you can utilize the maximum limit accordingly,
domestic road  Let's talk about ambulances.
Friends, previously, you used to get 1% off your
time, and
you could spend up to ₹10,000 on events. But
what the company has done now
is an application called the Ilt Career app. It has a
button called Emergency. Now, you
can book a cashless emergency ambulance here.
Or you can also call the call center
and book an ambulance.
Friends, it will be cashless. The
company will
pay the entire amount directly to the ambulance center. But if
you still want to go for reimbursement,
you will also get 1% off,
which was available before. So, the
cashless facility has
now been added here.
Friends, what used to happen here was that if
you joined a gym,
participated in a marathon, or went swimming,
you would activate some points by showing proof there.
You
could redeem that for OPD services,
meaning you had a doctor consultation or a
medical checkup.  Once the medicine is done,
you can redeem those points for these OPD
services. But now
what the company has done is that it has added the redemption facility on its I Will Take
Care app.
You will get many health services there. Now you
can redeem those points from there. Let's
talk about voluntary payment,
friends. Voluntary payment is that if
someone thinks that I will pay 10% or 20% of the
bill from my pocket,
then he can do it here now, which he could
not do earlier. What happens with this is that
friends, their insurance
premium gets reduced here. So
if you want to add copayment to your plan,
you can do it. There is an option of 10%
and 20%. Now friends, let's talk about
zone based pricing here. I had
told you that here the company has
created zones named A, B, C. Now the
price of each zone will be different, meaning it is
different, B is different, C is different.  And Di is
different, so friends, you are watching here,
you can pause this video and see if you
live in your city and in
which zone your area falls. If
your name is not in any list here, then you can click here and fill in
zone C
because that is the column of Rest of India, so
you are a member of C. If you are in the A B C Di which is
mentioned here, you have A written here, then
you can see from this. Now let me tell you
friends, the company has introduced a new
zone here, di zone. Here in Di zone, there are
some cities like
Alwar, Bagpat, Bharatpur, Bulandshahr, Faridabad or
Gautam Buddha Nagar, but here
we leave out Noida, Jhajjar, Jind,
Panipat. The thinking of the company is that in
areas like Alwar, Bagpat, Bharatpur, there are
hospitals here, but here there is a practice
that they bill more, so the
company has introduced a new dish zone, whose
premium will be
slightly higher than this zone or will be
equal to it, so that is why the company has created a new zone.
So that they
can counter the Enclave a little bit, so friends, let me
explain in a little more detail
how this will reduce the payment to Sonal.
If you live in Delhi, Mumbai, Thane, Navi Mumbai, this
area which is in Zone A
and you want to get treatment in any zone, be it
Wk, C,
D, then you will
not have to pay any copayment,
but if you have taken the price of Zone B, have
selected Zone B, then if you go for treatment in A, then you will have to pay a copayment of
8%,
and if you go to C, then you will
not have to pay any copayment, and if you
go to D, friends, then you will have to pay a copayment of 8%
here also.
If I talk about the rest of India, have
you paid the season premium
for the rest of India, then
if you go for treatment in the rest of India, then
you will have to pay a copayment of 16% from your pocket. If
you go to B, then you will have to pay a copayment of 8%. If you
go to C, then you
are in C, so there will be
no copayment here, but  If you go to Delhi for
treatment, you will get a 16% tax here
and you can go to any zone and get treatment.
You will not be charged any tax here.
So friends, whenever you
renew your policy, the system will
automatically capture your zone according to your PIN code.
But there
you will get an option there: Do you want to
change your zone? You can go there and
change your zone. The
company has selected your zone. But if you want to get
treatment anywhere in India,
you can go there and select your zone and make the
payment of premium. Now let me
tell you that I am
also very active on social media, so you
can add me on Facebook. But if you have
any questions regarding this pricing or this
plan change, you
can ask me through WhatsApp. If you
need a link to the I Will Take Care app, you
can ask me.
If I am on Telegram, I keep posting all the latest
details and updates about insurance that
come in the market. So
you can also follow me.  You can join this
and friends, there are
changes in this as well, if you want to
see their videos, you will
not be able to get all the plans but there are some plans which were
recently launched, Help Shield
Plus Healthy, so
friends, if you want to see the reviews of such products, then
I will give you the link in the description,
here on the i button also I will
give the links of those plans, so you
can go here and see them, so I hope
friends, you must have liked this video or information,
if you liked it then definitely
share it with your friends so that the
awareness of insurance keeps increasing,
I will meet you in the next video, my name is
Sachin Verma, thank you very much for watching this video